CPLAT-9778: Update builder readme to reflect new codegen (#615)
Workiva/over_react: lib/src/builder/README.md

   
   The builder has recognized our code as a class component that requires code generation! If it hadn't, the builder would have gone through similar logic to identify other types of declarations like function components and props map views, and perform similar code generation to wire them up.
   
   Next up, let's see what code generation looks like for our class component.
    
2. The builder generates a version of the props mixin which contains concrete 
getters/setters. 
    ```dart
   mixin $FooProps on FooProps {
     int get foo => props['FooProps.foo'];
     set foo(int value) => props['FooProps.foo'] = value;
   } 
    ```
       
2. The builder creates a concrete props implementation class, which mixes in the generated props mixin:
    ```dart
    class _$$FooProps extends UiProps with FooProps, $FooProps {
      ...   
    }
    ```
    This concrete class is what will be used everywhere for this component's typed props (returned from the `UiFactory`, available via `props` inside `render`).
   

>     Note that in the above example, our component has props declared via just a props mixin, which is a shorthand syntax. For components with concrete props classes, the implementation is similar, and mixins in all generated mixins corresponding to the props mixins used:

Reviewer: I think this is clearer. Please tweak if it's not 100% accurate tho.
```suggestion
    Note that in the above example, our component has props declared via just a props mixin, which is a shorthand syntax for when no additional props are needed from other mixins. For components with concrete props classes which mix in other props, the implementation is similar. The generated concrete props class mixes in all generated mixins corresponding to the props mixins used:
```

Author: Committed!

   
    ```dart
    // Authored code:
    UiFactory<BarProps> Bar = _$Bar;
    class BarProps = UiProps with BarPropsMixin, FooProps;
    class BarComponent extends UiComponent2<BarProps> { ... }
    
    // Generated code:
    class _$$BarProps extends UiProps 
        with 
            BarPropsMixin, $BarPropsMixin, 
            FooProps, $FooProps
        implements BarProps {
      ...   
    }
    ``` 
   

>     It also overrides `UiProps`'s members that were stubbed out, and implements a constructor that delegates to other generated subclasses: one optimized for `JsBackedMap`, and one used for all other `Map`s. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It also overrides stubbed out `UiProps`'s members, and implements a constructor that delegates to other generated subclasses: one optimized for `JsBackedMap`, and one used for all other `Map`s. 
```

Author: Committed!
